---
layout: post
title:  "Traits I'm Proud of (or More Stuff About Me)"
date:   2014-10-14 10:56:08
categories: jekyll update
---
In this blog post I’ll be writing about myself, surprise! As if you couldn’t already tell this blog was going to self-centered. For the sake of having some self esteem, I’ll tell you about some of my most valued skills or personality traits. 

Trait 1: I’d like to think of myself as being pretty resilient. I handle bad situations pretty calmly, some would say too calmly, like a robot person or something. I consistently underestimate my abilities to persevere and survive. I always want to give up and cry myself to sleep but sometimes I can show some restraint. Ok, that sounds super dramatic but the point is I’m stronger than I think I am.  

On the other hand there are some situations that I just can’t. I can not stay calm when I’m hungry and the restaurant I’ve been planning to go to all day is closed or has an hour and a half wait. I JUST CAN’T, I can’t keep calm or not get really pissed off. I guess you could call this being hangry. 

So, I think it’s pretty impressive that my inability to hold it together at a restaurant is out shined by my ability to deal with other bad shit happening.

Trait 2: I like school, I like learning, I like reading. I can get kinda obsessive about it. for example makeup, skin care, and general girl stuff I can’t learn enough about. I spent three weeks scouring the internet looking for studies and reputable sources on the most effective skin care ingredients. I even researched and considered making my own. 

For months I researched alternative diets and recipes that fit those diets. I ordered sugar substitutes, researched their effect on blood sugar, and baked many muffin recipes that turned out sort of okay. 

I love to research things, so that sort of goes hand in hand with my love of learning. I will almost obsessively research things I’m planing on buying by reading customer reviews, magazine reviews, and any other info I can get my hands on. I create pros and cons list for everything. I compare prices and reviews. I ponder over what is the right shade of lipstick to buy. I obsess over which flour alternative will give me better muffins. I can be a little crazy but in a good way. 


